So it’s currently 2am and my mums driving me to go get nuggets, shows how committed I am, well she is. I couldn’t sleep, well it’s not that I can’t sleep it’s that I choose not to sleep. It’s like my body needs sleep but my mind is still wide awake. Plus my creative mind blossums more at night. I’ve never really done a blog or written anything online before, I’ve just never gotten around to it. I mean it’s not like I’m busy, I’m always free, I just choose to spend it either, sleeping, eating or on my phone. I have no regrets, I get told often that I’m wasting my life, and that I should get out there more. Why would I want to “get out there more.” are they suggesting that I be more productive? Like go outside? Make friends? Why, so I can be judged by complete strangers on what I order at McDonald’s or how I dress/look, possibly make awkward encounters and probably embarrass myself, I would rather not. I get that enough at school let alone on my free time. At least when I’m in my room the only thing I have to worry about is that if my phones about to die, I have to get out of my bed to charge it on the other side of the room. Your probably thinking that I don’t have many friends, that’s only cause there’s a lot of fake people at my school who only care about sex, drugs and alcohol. I mean come on, the only thing I’m addicted to it Chicken Nuggets! I may not have lots of friends in person, But I do have heaps of online friends, that’s not to bad. And hey it’s quality not quantity. When I was younger my mum says the reason why some people dislike me is because they’re “jealous” of me, but I’ve started to realise some people don’t like me because I tell them the honest truth they don’t want to hear. If you couldn’t tell already I’m a very lazy person, like so lazy that my mum will be in the kitchen while I’m in my room and I’ll text her to ask her something. It’s sad I know. Since I’ve been bored on what I regularly do I’ve decided that doing something different wouldn’t be that bad. I will be blogging about what happens during my day, if that’s at school or at home, basically my Personal Life. There’s also embarrassing/funny/weird stories that I will tell you about me. And since that I’ll be posting some pretty personal and juicy stuff I am keeping myself and other people around me private, for example pretend if my name was Sarah I would use a code name like Susan. Just so I have a bit of mystery, even though I’m a pretty open person. Anyway I should get to bed. Goodnight x 

