“I forgive you and I’m not angry that you killed all my relatives. I know everything. I know, that I was chosen when I was about ten years old as an object for experiments of the aliens. And I know that you love me”. I wrote the last phrase in twitter and got lost in thought. One person was mocking and bullying me on the Internet and even wrote me that “the cr*d has to be driven to suicide”. Yes, they were spying over me and thought about killing me, but how serious it was in reality? What consequences can be there?

Suddenly I heard a voice somewhere from inside of my head: “He suicided”. I quickly started to think. The voices continued: “His supporters won’t touch you, he told them that you’re not guilty. But some people in the government of other countries might want to kill you”. I quickly started to delete browser’ history and deleted my twitter. Then, savvied that this wouldn’t help, I understood that the only way out is to get rid of the computer.

I snatched my notebook and started to get dressed. Then ran to the door. My mother got frightened and tried to make me stay. After long suasion I understood, that I won’t be allowed to get the notebook into the forest. I looked around myself in despair. There were cameras everywhere in my room. “You see I did good! I killed the Satan!” – I was inwardly saying, “Why don’t you help me?”. Suddenly it dawned on me that I have to go to people and ask for help. Getting out of the house was not easy too. Mother suspected something. Having put on the boots barefoot, I ran out of the house.

I didn’t go to the police, as I usually did – there are his supporters there, for sure, they will kill me. Walked through the town council, but couldn’t gather strength to tell anyone what’s happening. People looked at me with curiosity. “They know. Yes! They know, that others have already sent killers for me. I have to run. But where?” Finally, it came into my head to speak to my classmate. “But what if he is not from them? Maybe, he will help me to run away!”. But he wasn’t at home. His neighbor looked at me with curiosity. “They want to kill me!” – I was saying, – “I have nowhere to go!”. She was one of them, for sure. She offered me to help me to get home. And meanwhile the voices  continued to talk to me. I head the thoughts of all people on Earth. I wasn’t surprised – I’m god, for me it’s going to be an every day job – to hear their thoughts and to inwardly answer them. I heard voices before.

I came home. I was tired and had no strength to struggle with fate. “I’ll be killed. Well. I accept it. I’ll be of more use in Paradise”, – I thought. I had a blister on my leg and I didn’t want to run anywhere. “They won’t kill you. They have already negotiated”, – the voices were telling me, – “And you know, how did he kill himself? He put his head into a formic bunch!” Suddenly I felt that some alien influence is raping me. It was him. The voices talked: Satan is an alien creature. He rules the world”. I realized that I gonna have a child, and perhaps, not in nine months, but in a far shorter time.

I started to recall how I tried to practice out-of-body experience techniques sometime in my youth. Just like now, I closed my eyes and plunged into the journey among unknown creatures and portals. I was looking for the way to Paradise. It was necessary for me to get out of this body. I couldn’t stay on this Earth, where my body was desecrated by evil spirits, and going out of the house was scary. “Yes, people are angry, that you’re god, they might kill you”, – the voices were debating. At the same time I was hearing thoughts of the people who thought about me.

I haven’t found the portal to Paradise. Having been in bed for two hours, I went to have a snack. “Your mother is one of them. Half of the people on Earth are for the evil, and half- for the good” – voices were whispering, “Satan loves you. Your mother tried to poison you by gas last night, but he removed gas and replaced her with a robot. Now she is harmless. Don’t be afraid of her.”. “Throw away the meds. They’re poisoned. Millions of people are dying from them”. I carefully wrapped the meds into a package, threw away into the bin, and took the bin into the pantry. “He made so that Paradise came to Earth. People won’t be dying from illnesses anymore. They will live forever. You made it by your love”. But I didn’t’t want to stay on Earth. I wanted to die. I didn’t want to be raped every day. And I knew that He forbade people to tell me that I’m god. “Yes, you’re god!” – the voices were heard somewhere from afar. They weren’t silent al the same! But I knew, that the next moment they fall dead. He was killing them!

Having had a snack, I went outside. I wanted to stand near my porch and to think over everything. Suddenly I started to talk to the door. It seemed to me, that He was making signs to me.  If the door sways back – it is “no”, if it swings forth – it is “yes. The negotiations continued for an hour. I knew, that everything is been recordered on millions of cameras and transmitted into the minds of people all around the world. I tried to urge him to let all people tell me, that I’m god. But I didn’t succeed in it.

Coming home, I noticed that mother’s eyes changed somehow. “He instilled into her, so that to talk to me!” – I thought. Me and her started to talk by hints and secret signs. I liked it very much. I was just making fun of him. I knew he found it unpleasant. Hiding from mother, I took razor blades and put it  into my locker. “Just in case”, – I thought, “What if I won’t manage to get out of my body another way”.

Gradually I came to conclusion that it’s necessary to drive that evil spirit to suicide, so that he dissipated around the Universe and wouldn’t bother people anymore. I continued to talk to voices, and they were telling me a story of aliens’ misdeeds. Mother offered me to go to the hospital. I gladly agreed. “His supporters will kill me there”, – I thought, “and so I’ll be in Paradise and I’ll expel him from there!”

The neighbors heard me shouting “Die, username!” Little did they know, that I was saving the world from the ecumenical evil. On my way to the hospital I continued to talk both to the voices and to him. I was inducing him to kill himself. It continued for an hour. Finally, the voices reported me, that my plan succeeded. “The Earth is free from evil! The aliens will go away from our planet!”

I was glad I didn’t have to kill myself anymore. I calmed down. And in several days the voices disappeared at all.
