The more I live and learn, the more I notice how unfair amd hypocritical this world is. It’s double-layered and has double values. Philosophies try to create an illusion of choice. But ordinary people have little choice in life. Everyone is bound by health, genes, environment, wealth. By wealth most of all. I never had a choice if I wanted to wear beautiful dresses, study music, to buy a computer, to visit other cities or enter a better University. And my feeble health never let me work at three jobs a day, trying to get out of a circle of poverty. Then my mental health was never ideal. I used to struggle against myself more than against life’s adversities, and it took most of my strength. Sometimes I just have to accept I didn’t get any positive result in my struggle with life and I can change nothing in it. Useless to require too much of oneself, if the only thing you can change is your attitude. The trouble is that some people who really could change something in the world are making fun of those who can change nothing. They don’t understand that others are not sillier than them. They honestly think those who are just trying to survive and fight their little fights in life – are not worthy. They don’t think about the actual cleverness and goodness of a man, but just about one’s opportunity to crush others or to change the world. You can be a stupid *hore, or just stupid, or just a *hore, but it doesn’t matter as long as you have money. For those who have no money, they invent morals and standards of intelligence to humiliate them. I recall times when people tried to find faults in my spelling, taking accidental mistakes with seriousness – they wanted to show me I’m worse than them. Sometimes educated people tried to find faults in my speech – and if they found something, they were very glad. Though everyone knows language is just means of communication developed with evolution, and one or two mistakes mean nothing in the overall evolutionary process. “Chosen” people may invent their own language styles or make mistakes just for fun. Because language means nothing. It might be used as means of humiliation, but that’s all. Some people thought my awkwardness in speech, forgetfulness and emotionality mean stupidity, while it were only the signs of illness. Just who are they to determine how we should feel about our existence? They’re only people just like us. I believe this life will change, when everyone will have equal opportunities in life, when our genes won’t ruin our life anymore and could be altered. And when all people will treat each other as humans should.
