Well, today was another exciting day for me. When I woke up this morning, I found that I had once again dreamed of the Quzanks, and their evil overlord “Jeremy”. Usually when they are monitoring my brain waves as I sleep, it causes me to dream of the civilization, and of course, the terrible octogon triangle, which was ultimately the downfall of their civilization. In my dream, I was riding a hyperdimensional pod through the gas streets of Obergyn 7, being chase by severl muzzle beasts. Pretty typical I suppose. And then, of course, there’s the popcorn explosion, and then the white nothingness.

Knowing that the Quzanks destroyed themselves, and their subconcious minds have been sprayed across the universe like urine through a diaper doesn’t make the dreams any less jarring. Plus, it usually means I’m going to have an extremely long day.

So I got out of bed, touched the floor twenty three times with my left foot, fourteen times with the right (as the ancient babylonian purification ritual dictates), took my usual hot shower, with my five fresh bars of soap, followed by three facial cleansers, antiseptic lotion, and of course, shampoo, rinse, repeat, and began to prepare Jerry for breakfast.

Jerry was delicious, and he sang me a wonderful tune as he spat and fried in my frying pan. I served him over a lovely slice of toast, slathered in butter of course, and a glass of orange juice. And Jerry was hapy to be eaten.

I then finished my morning routine with the usual ear tugs, lightswitch flippings, and of course, teeth grinding. Always fifteen left side, fifteen right side, so my body is balanced for the day. I then secured my proctetive coating for the house, to make sure there were no leaks (there must have been one, since my brain was monitored again in my sleep!), and then doned my intergalactic protective helmet, to stop all gamma radiation from controlling the exron chip that was implanted in my brain when I was seven.

but I digress.

As I walked to the local public library to get my newest selection (A wonderful book called The Cellular Cosmology, or the Earth a Concave Sphere by Dr. Cyrus Teed. Those damned Nazi’s are collaborating with the Anunaki, and hiding inside the hollowed out earth!), I was joined by my good friend Chark, from the planet Nibendu. Most people can’t seen Chark, because he vibrates at a much higher level than most humans, but he realized that my vibration was much higher than the normal human, so he slows himself down to the thriteenth dimension, which I can see. Too bad most humans don’t understand what phsycic phenomina really is, it’s seeing into the different vibrations that make up the 19 time/space dimensional realities. Oh well.

Chak and I had a good talk. He always is telling me humerous stories of his childhood as he grew up on the barren volvano planet of Chzrkshlk. As he was in the middle of telling me about a very exciting jooni race, and aparticularly nasty five tentacled drek that almost ruined everything for him, a man bumped roughly into my shoulder, and shouted “Watch it!”. I apologized, and he told me I stink.

Me! How absurd! He smply doesn’t realize that most humans smell terrible in contrast to the rest of the intergallactic council. Humans with their sweat glands! It’s terrible!

But, I got my books, used the internet for awhile (I don’t have internet at home, because it makes it too easy for the governmental goons to track what it is I’m doing, and I know they knwo I know waaaay to much for me to be left alive. Thankfully they haven’t found me yet, because I always use a different computer at the library, and I vary what time I go. Yesterday I went at 12:00, today I waited until 12:30. It’ll take a pretty clever investigator to catch good ol’ Buck Williams!).

I then requested several more books, one regarding the mysterious disappearance of Atlantis, the other about Hitler’s Obsession with the Occult, and then, at about 7:00, decided it was time for a tastey seven layer burrito (I usually get mine with no tomatos, because that 7th layer is just unlucky). I took the bus to Taco Bell, and as I was enjoying my meal, I noticed three men watching my every move. They treid to act casual, like they were just three regular guys eating some chalupas, but once you’ve been around government agents for awhile, you can recognize those dirty reptilians pretty easily. So, I finished my border fries (I like them with ketchup, but some people prefer cheese. I don’t understand why, since potatos were practically made for ketchup, but to each his own), and went to refil my Dr. Pepper. I could feel their slit eyes watching my every move as I wandered to the fountain, and filled my cup. As I walked back to my seat, I quickly threw the full cup of Dr. Pepper on one of the men, spilling it all over him, and ran out the front door as fast as I could. Reptilians have a natural weakness to caffiene, and I could hear the man loudly swear as I bolted past. He and his fellows chase me for a bit, but then, weakened by the Dr. pepper bath I gave him, they eventually gave up their pursuit, and headed home. I continued to run, varying my path home, in case any of the silent surveillance helicopters had decided to follow me. I bobbed and weaved in and out of buildings, allyways, and parks filled with trees, and eventually arrived home at about 10:00, exhausted, but exhillerated from yet another victory over the forces of darkness. I then switched on my anti-boronfield cloaking device, to avoid any sort of eves dropping, or trackign that ight be going on, and now I’m about to go to sleep.

What a day! Boy, fighting the evil Reptilian Invaders as they aid the Anunaki sure can take a lot out of a guy! But, someone has to try and defend all the innocent, naive, and ignorant people on earth, and I guess that someone is me! I just hope I’m up to the task.
