Hello my Homosapiens, if you don’t know what that means you probably failed history because according to schools and parents you need to learn everything they teach you and pass every test they give you or you “fail” In life and won’t go anywhere. If you couldn’t tell already I had my first day of a new year of school for me. I honestly just wanted to crawl up into a hole with 100 chicken nuggets by my side, wait that’s not enough, 200 nuggets. You know what’s worse, is that I got my period last night, it was like a sign! My body was warning me it was gonna be a bad day. At my school there’s two campuses, one campus is from prep-9 and the other campus is from 10-12, since I’m starting grade 10, it’s my first year and day at the campus. By far it’s been full of embarrassment. I got lost twice and walked into a year 12 class by accident where I got laughed at. It’s quite sad how all the other grades act like we are the babies and treat us like shit when they were once in our position. School has never been my cup of tea, I’d prefer travelling and eating all types of nuggets in the world. Yes I have a nugget obsession. All day I was walking around caring my uncomfortable bag while having to deal with freaking out if I’ve leaked or not. Uncomfortable and quite frankly I felt gross. The good part of my day is that I made a couple of new friends. There was this one guy let’s say his name is Jackson. Jacksons in my English, so I sat next to him since he was all alone, turns out he is friends with the same people who used to make fun of my name. The “cool kids” who act all tough, when really they’re all fake to each and can’t fight for shit. Sadly today my dear friend James who’s apart of that group, the only one I actually like out of them, acted like he didn’t know me when I tried to speak to him. All because he has “people to impress” up here, and I’m suddenly not good enough for him, am I really an embarrassment to speak to Infront of his friends. I’ll live. I might forgive but I’ll never forget. I thought he was different but I guess I was proven wrong, oh well. As I was saying about Jackson, he’s a really nice guy, who can understand my jokes. Since he hangs out with them, hopefully he doesn’t turn into one of them, or act like a dick when he’s around them. I have English with him tomorrow so I’ll see how it goes. Walking around the school was so intimidating, they were taller than me (and I’m pretty tall), and it felt like they were all staring at me. I felt like an outsider. Recently I’ve been speaking to some people online that go to my school, they’re currently in grade 11. I’ve obviously spoken to them online first since im more confident online and I’m to much of a pussy to confront them, but one of them has told me that they’re gonna properly speak to me tomorrow, wish me luck. Hopefully I don’t do something stupid to embarrass myself. Like accidentally spit on him while I speak. I do that a lot when I’m nervous. I shall keep you updated on my weird social life. Goodnight my pretties. 
