Focus is something that everyone needs to push through sometimes. Yet it is always here. Focus is for sure needed when learning something new. To have focus is to be determined sort of or to be giving in efforts to be focused could also be drawn into a possession almost. If one is to focused on one detail one could become possessed by this energy. I would there for recommend to combine focus with clarity. And a daily walk. Focus is a great strength the we build, individually, like with a fire place. You build a fire and burn it up. Focus is in the center of the fire, from etymology. Focus is sort of running through our very torus. Focus is like the fire/food that we burn inside our cells in our body and it comes in through our mouth and it leave through the lower part of the body. (pop/pee/sweat). It is smart to have a good focus on oneness own body.

Self forgiveness:

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think of focus as something that I would not want to participate in because of how it requires something of me, and this effort is within my energies that I would not want to give in sort of out of pure laziness.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that only scientist and student focus I do not need to focus.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to resist focus.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to fear focus out of fear what I would see.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to fear focus out for fear of facing myself in honesty.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that I do not need to focus someone one else can do that.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to separate myself from this word, out of fear of going into a possession because of my experience of possessions

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to fail to take on focus out of not knowing what it is.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to fail to see that focus can also be a activity and not just staring/reading and it can be something further than to us my senses – like it could be a physical activity.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that focus is either love or not love.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that love is a part of focus.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that focus is almost like honesty.

I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to think that only humans can focus.

When and as I see myself going into a task or a chore or a activity of any kind. I stop and slow myself down and I breathe. I realize that to focus is like a movement within clarity almost. I realize that both focus and clarity is needed when learning something new. I realize that I would need to have focus to drive and write and to do certain things. I realize that I would need focus to learn and to unlearn. I realize that I can use focus on practical way when learning something new. I realize that focus on my body is like a tube or a vortex stream. I realize that focus is also related to the fire place the love that unites. The universal love. I commit myself to be focused on my task/activity/chore. I commit myself to investigate how to us focus on unlearning. I commit myself to unlearn my old meta data that I do not need. I commit myself to common sense within focusing. I commit myself to live and to use focus on unlearning lots from my past.
