Right so now, you are rolling your eyes. You are probably thinking ‘okay another blog post about how looks don’t matter.’ well actually you’re wrong.

I live in a really beautiful area but I don’t always look at it. I sometimes walk pass it and not notice the beauty that this world has to offer. But looking out of the window now, I can see a really cloudy day. I can’t see any blue sky, only clouds.

Okay now look outside. Look up at the sky and find a cloud which will be really easy if you live in the UK. If you can’t find a cloud, just look at a natural object which catches your eye. How many colours can you see in the cloud? Two or three? I can see hundreds of colours. Colours don’t have to be solid. There can be many shades of grey (50 shades of grey, sorry guys. I’ll stop). Grey is only a category, it’s not a colour. Many colours fit into the grey category.

Now look at your hands. Feel your hands, even though it sounds really weird. Maybe your hands are really soft like mine, maybe slightly dry or really tough working hands. It’s kinda crazy to think how many cells there are in your hands to keep your hands, your hands. I think it’s beautifully crazy.

Open your window and take a big breath. Can you taste that coolness of the winter air on tongue? I think it’s kinda awesome. Is this getting weird? I don’t know.

Now go downstairs and look at your family. Look at what the world has given you. People with the same blood. People who love you.

You might be listening to music at the moment while reading this weird and awkward blog post but pause the music for a second. Close your eyes and listen.

I can hear the trees blowing in the wind, a toddler laughing in next door’s garden, I can hear life. Life is music in a way. It’s sound.

Beauty doesn’t always have to be what you see. It can be what you hear, what you smell, what you can taste.

I think beauty is home. Home is my beauty, the feeling of home is my beauty.

Thankyou for reading this post even though it might be a bit weird and I’ll see you tomorrow with another post
