On November 12, 2015, a group of students gathered in Frost Library at 1PM to sit in for those suffering from racial marginalization at the University of Missouri and Yale. What was originally scheduled to last an hour blew up to became a campus-wide movement, providing a platform for students to speak up and address the flaw in administrative decisions that are very much present at Amherst College.

I walked into Frost Library around 4PM on Friday, expecting to see maybe a few students sticking around after the designated time slot of the sit-in. However, what I witnessed surprised me: sea of students was gathered around the lobby of the first floor, discussing about their personal experiences as a person of color (POC) at Amherst. It was emotionally cathartic to say the least. Undeniably, so much hurt and pain were palpable in that area, and I was overcome with the cohesive unity of the student body. For the first time while I’ve been at Amherst, students convened in a space where dialogues of racial justice, immigrant marginalization, and lack of representation in faculties were welcomed and encouraged. I stood amidst the group of people in that space, acknowledging the history being made in that particular moment.

It’s doubly hard focusing on such an impactful movement happening on our campus while so many unspeakable tragedies are rampant around the world. Terrorist attacks in Paris, twin bombing in Beirut, school shooting in Kenya, earthquake warning in Japan… my heart is heavy today for what our world has become, and my head hangs low because it seems like we are trapped inside this framework of tragedy and sorrow.

As students at Amherst unite to show solidarity for the racial marginalization going on across the country and as student bodies collaborate to put forth several appeals for the college to meet, we also have to stand in solidarity and faith for the world. My wish is that what’s happening in Frost Library right now serves as a beacon of hope, that in this time of hardship, we, the students at Amherst College, are coalescing to fight for what is right.

Even as I am composing this post, things are changing, and I can say with clarity that things are changing for the better. For the first time since I’ve been at this college, I am witnessing a sense of unity among the Asian students at Amherst at an unprecedented level. Solidarity in unity seems to be the most powerful catalyst in inciting a change within an institution, and I am grateful to have been playing a role in the pivotal moment of Amherst College history.
