I recently wrote about what the death of the last thylacine (Tasmanian tiger) 80 years ago can teach us about the power the liberal arts has to solve wickedly difficult problems. That piece and its focus on extinction led to a discussion with my good friend and Russian language scholar Ben Rifkin about another serious extinction crisis: the dramatic loss of languages we are experiencing around the globe. What follows are our joint thoughts on that problem and the importance of promoting educational practices that encourage thinking across disciplines.

* * * * * * * * * *

A frighteningly high rate of species extinction has become the defining characteristic of the Anthropocene era but species aren’t the only things being lost at an alarming rate. Languages are disappearing as well with equally serious consequences.

Linguists cannot say with certainty how many human languages are spoken today. One linguist’s language may be another’s dialect. For instance, some classify the “languages” of Danish, Norwegian and Swedish as “dialects” of a “Scandinavian language” because they share structures, vocabulary, cultural experiences and because they are generally mutually comprehensible. On the other hand, others classify the “eight dialects” of Chinese as “distinct languages,” because, for example, Cantonese, Shanghainese and Mandarin do not share vocabulary and are mutually incomprehensible, even though they share a common orthography. Thus, linguists speculate that there are as few as 5,000 and as many as 9,000 languages.

What’s not in question, however, is that the number of languages is decreasing rapidly. Languages, like species, may be characterized as endangered and they go extinct when the last speaker of a language dies. When that happens, the language and culture disappear with little trace, typically because many of the languages we’re losing have not left written or recorded evidence behind. Indeed, many extinct languages were only spoken, not written.

Languages become endangered and die out for many reasons. Sadly, the physical annihilation of communities of native speakers of a language is all too often the cause of language extinction. In North America, European colonists brought death and destruction to many Native American communities. This was followed by US federal policies restricting the use of indigenous languages, including the removal of native children from their communities to federal boarding schools where native languages and cultural practices were prohibited. As many as 75 percent of the languages spoken in the territories that became the United States have gone extinct, with slightly better language survival rates in Central and South America, slightly worse survival rates in Australia.

Even without physical annihilation and prohibitions against language use, the language of the “dominant” cultures may drive other languages into extinction; young people see education, jobs, culture and technology associated with the dominant language and focus their attention on that language. The largest language “killers” are English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Russian, Hindi, and Chinese, all of which have privileged status as dominant languages threatening minority languages.

While there are a few cases of language revival, such as Czech, Gaelic, Hebrew and Navajo, generally languages tend to move in one direction on the spectrum from thriving through endangered to extinct. 
